Since the Chu family, I have congratulated Mrs. He on her birthday
Could it be that the relationship between the two families has eased?
To join forces
Ye Lao Taizu's face is so big
This lady
Who are you?
I don't even know him.
You are just a ignorant soil
Just a dog
He is Chu Yunzhong's sister
Second Miss of Shangjing Chu Family
It turned out to be the second miss of the Chu family
Sorry.
I don't know much about your three or six families
How dare you say that my Chu family is a third-rate family
What are you?
Don't fight anymore
Miss Chu
What do you mean when you say this wine is fake?
Very simple.
Because there is no dzi wine on the market now.
Tianzhu wine is produced from Mowei Shenquan
Since the Lord's Landing conquered the royal court three years ago
The Zhenbei Army sealed off the Divine Fist
Since then
There are no more Tianjin Jiutou in this world
I said I haven't heard of the dzi wine trade for many years
It was sealed.
In the past, every auction of dzi bead wine was a sensation
I really haven't seen it in the last three years.
Change the value of dzi bead wine has been absolutely
The dzi bead wine that flowed out before has long been used as
Flame Hospitality
Extinction
So Xiao Jun is talking nonsense.
Ok you Xiao Junbing
How dare you tease the old god
Repeatedly disrespectful to Mrs. Ye
Who can Ye Yufei bring back?
Our Ye family had hoped for Ye Yufei
This blogger's marriage
Gain some hope
And he brought back this awful thing.
How do you say to deal with it?
In the back, Ye Yufei's family pays dividends throughout the year
Break Xiao Junlin's legs
Take it out brother-in-law